# Documents of protontypes

Documents such as project slides and funding applications for protontypes, as well as meeting logs.

## Meeting logs

---
### 2021-01-28
_With: @ly0n, @elaristi, Christoph (Climate Connect), @tjarkdoering_

#### What happened?
* Project OpenSustain.academy
  * Idea Tobi: Combine RaaS with Scaphandre and use to create a project for the lectures
  * Idea Christoph: Use meetings similar to the Climate Connect workgroups for finding professors and discuss curriculum
  * What do the professors get from holding a lecture?
    * New contributers to their projects
	* Advertisement
	* Hoodis ;)
  * What are possilbe formats?
    * Introduction Videos for the concepts and principles of open source
	* Videos about sections from the list
	* Videos about projects from the list
  * Idea to merge videos into the Climate Connect hubs
  * Planning will be necessary
  * Requirement: Interface of academy should be inviting and be a gate into the world of sustainable projects
  * Requirement: the entry level courses should be easy enough for absolute beginners
* Idea to implement automatic tree plants for (all) contributions to the OS.t list
  * Task: create a generic GitHub-action to allow for automatic tree planting
  * Task: use created GitHub-action on our repo
* Reiterated on the question if we should found a non-profit organization
  * We can get help from Climate Connect, RaaS
    * found a GbR?
* Discussed, wether or not we should improve/chang the UX of the OS.t list
  * There is fear of a too big overhead for maintenance
  * Accessibilty might be compromised by eyecandy (developer might lose interest in exchange for non-developers)
* Invite Climate Connect for another meeting in 6 weeks
  * to talk about integration of OS.t list into Climate Connect

#### Next time
* Date: 2021-02-04 18:00 CET
* Place: [Jitsi](https://meet.jit.si/protontypes)
* Agenda:
  * How to proceed with OpenSustain.academy?
    * Brainstorm on ideas
  * Found a non-profit? 
  * Does anybody join the Climathon at the end of Febuary?

#### Links
* https://digitalhumani.com/
* https://www.climatefounders.com/climate-hack
* https://climateconnect.earth/

---
### 2021-01-23
_With: @ly0n, @tjarkdoering_

#### What happened?
* Maintainer PR merged
* Solved linter problem (syntax issue)
* Maybe good idea to create repos for the sub-lists (BUSINESS.md, ...) 
* Project Hoodie:
  * People who have contributed so far should get a hoodie
  * [See issue: Project Hoodie](https://github.com/protontypes/open-sustainable-technology/issues/54)
* For OpenSustainSchool [see issue here](https://github.com/protontypes/open-sustainable-technology/issues/56)
* decided to make a mastodon account similar to our twitter account ([see here](https://github.com/protontypes/open-sustainable-technology/issues/55))

#### Next time
* Date: 2021-01-28 18:00 CET
* Place: [Jitsi](https://meet.jit.si/protontypes)
* Agenda:
  * Talk on state of the assigned tasks
  * What about the OpenSustainSchool?
  * How to improve networking?
  * Make current sub lists 

#### Links
* https://www.climategrants.earth/
* https://www.neutral.com/

---
### 2021-01-19
_With: @ly0n, @tjarkdoering_

#### What happened?

* Write meeting logs in the future (starting today)
  * Save in organization-documents
* Brainstorm: The future of OpenSustain.tech? See also slides: [protontypes_pitch_slides.pdf, slide 5](https://github.com/protontypes/organization-documents/blob/master/slides/protontypes_pitch_slides.pdf)
  * How can we accelerate Open and Sustainable Transition with limited resources? 
    * Listing and Technology Scouting
    * **Education and Training**
    * Connecting and Networking
    * Branding and Trademark
    * Marketing and Blog Posting
    * Influencing and Public Speaking
    * Consulting
  * How can we complete the list?
  * How can we self sustain the list?
  * How to motivate people to put projects by there own on the list?
* Shirt/Hoodie for contributer? -> **Project Hoodie**
  * What are the rules to get one? -> Make a PR and be contributor on the proposed project?
  

#### Next time
* Date: 2021-01-23 10:00 CET
* Place: [Jitsi](https://meet.jit.si/protontypes)
* Agenda:
  * Continue on the Hoodie idea, what are the next steps
  * Brainstorm on a possible course colloquium

#### Links
* [How One Guy Ruined #Hacktoberfest2020 #Drama](https://joel.net/how-one-guy-ruined-hacktoberfest2020-drama)
* [Hacktoberfest 2020 Considered Harmful ](https://www.i-programmer.info/news/136-open-source/14049-hacktoberfest-2020-considered-harmful.html)
